Okay okay okay And your answer we're going to
go now
[Music]
comes later comes later David
Forgive me again I'm going to tell you
flowers
[Music]
Okay after
after there was after
comes later three
doors David three doors David you are
well
David you are a poet David after there was after that after David you are well David you are well
three doors David three doors David you are a poet David you are a
poet David you are a poet
David three doors David there was after that after David three doors David you
are a poet David after after after that
three three doors okay after Okay after there was after there was after that after
David what
comes later Okay after after
three then three doors comes
later [Music] [
Music]
[Music]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music
]
[Music]
Okay good afternoon family I know it's very
early I know it's very early but today
Well I'm going to take it a little bit like a
little bit like my thing I'm going to do
things like today a little bit like my thing without a
schedule like like my thing  whatever I want like
whatever I want
Okay, I have here Well, I have a
hit here I have a hit here that we're
going to read and it's the sentence the
real sentence and I'm going to explain it to you
well not like in the newspapers okay
the real sentence of
Naughter Play with against wismichu I
have it here in full we're going to read it and we're going to
explain it and it's not it's not like it's
not like they said in the
newspapers This is not
This is not what they're
promoting
But anyway now we read Okay now
we read Pepa Beltrán doing her thing as
Javi says honey doing her thing she says my thing
totally today eh my thing but totally
eh Good morning churré I'm just
starting the day and I was looking for something to
listen to while I prepare the line and I
have a coffee thanks for joining me
a kiss dear Thank you very much Well,
as I said, I have several gossip here
that I'm going to I'm going to comment on it I'm going to be
direct Even though there are less people at this
time I'm going to do it live until now
later I mean I have I have these three
gossip here that I'm going to comment on and I already
have it  here uploaded in the punijo
for whoever wants to see it okay
after this I'm going to have
gossip and I'll do a live there okay
today I didn't want to invite anyone
interested in SEO because I didn't feel like
interviewing anyone I didn't feel like it it's that I have to feel
like it the truth is I
wonder without an author would defend Javi if he
loses any of his pending trials I
doubt it already Sataniel but it's that I don't
move for personal reasons or rather I'm
going to give you the news How is it you know what I
'm telling you like it is how
things are how they are okay
some of these pamphlets that are made
Calling newspapers deserves a Game Over
no no but the inover is done by
themselves publishing this nonsense okay
really
really [ __ ] [ __ ] it has nothing to do with
the article I mean yeah yeah you're going to publish
the article publish it well well let's see that's what I'm
telling you okay today I'm going to do my
thing Javi Today my grandson Ethan turns three
tomorrow I'll be 60 but daughter how are you going to
turn 60 if you look forty my
soul a kiss  immaculate and a huge kiss
and congratulations three years like my boy
a kiss there Sam a kiss
Javi handsome thanks for brightening up my
breakfast you are having breakfast of course you are
now these hours are [ __ ] [ __ ]
to be live I
bring you a very nice topic to be a
live to this [ __ ] now eh but the thing is that
I am the worst youtuber there is that is why I am
doing terrible and I am sinking it does not
matter
Javi handsome thanks for brightening up my
breakfast face in love
always takes you here
always always
good let's see family I know very early I know
that bad now to start live But I
had important things no that I would
like to show you no and I have here
exclusively
the well exclusively no because
other pamphlets have already had it no I will
clearly pass things on let's see when you have
an exclusive the ideal is that you
tell it well no then if I am a
pamphlet that I dedicate myself to advertising a
lawyer with the sentences that the lawyer
wins or with which or the color that he
likes that I know that the
sentences are interpreted and so on or we see his thing is to
tell everything well okay
but without an author  he already admitted the sentence No no yes
yes he has a sentence What happens is that
the sentence is not
as these newspapers have painted it, I
mean but it is absolutely for
nothing they do not admit almost anything of what he
asks for
and it is not as they have painted it okay I mean
because what I mean see I mean that
wismichu has posted some tweets for
example no I mean this sentence is not to
go bragging to go
beating your chest and to go to act like a
brag
this sentence is not to act like a brag
okay or so this sentence is not let's see
sincerely I am going to explain it in its entirety
okay
fighting prince face throwing a kiss
a kiss immaculate
Thank you very much to all of my
Thank you very much Well you are a little today
you are a little restless today no let's see I
got the sentence Because
sincerely I was very curious to
know the real because because I already know
the parties I know what their
claims are I know the way they
have of telling things in the
newspapers and that is not how things are told
in the newspapers I mean that this
information that the newspapers are around is
completely dried up you know I mean I already
said it the other day to me the articles
these seem like advertising articles
to me the lawyer understands me the vanity of the
lawyer not to throw flowers do not sit well what a
pioneering sentence that they do not
estimate almost anything of what you have asked for and
that on top of that it has cost you more work and
more money than what is the final
result and this is surely going to be
appealed I would appeal it eh I mean
if it had been with other people who have
other attitudes I take it and say come on
Well take wismichu 1,500 euros 1,500
euros to admit my symbolically no that I can't
have This language and
This language that I have to change but man
when you go around in the press
bragging that this is the
first domino that you knock down that
domino you knocked down if it connects
some thrown nothing
that this is the first domino
that he knocks down that domino Who has
knocked down with this but if this has
cost you more than him I mean that in
date the first domino and it
made me laugh a lot Because also a
tweet that they are  retweeting a lot both
wismichu and his entourage is a tweet that
says Haha I can already see all the others
deleting videos running at night I can already
see myself I can see them all night
deleting videos what video are we going to delete
but if not even snauzer is going to delete a
video if they haven't condemned him let him
delete videos at all if the only thing he
has to do with the YouTube editor
and cut out the four insults
what video are we going to run and delete the others of
course me me me any
if they were people with whom you can
fix things and talk I wanted to
congratulate the editor for the last video
a 10
brutal brutal brutal brutal let's see if
we can get the channel up and running with those
videos okay If they were people with whom you
can talk and fix
things and bury the hatchets
properly and they didn't have these
intentions I will play a big kiss
King a big kiss King I'm going to read it
okay I will play I'm not going to show it on
screen because I don't want my clumsiness to
cause me to leak a full name or
number because I see with the bands and
numbers but come on it will be useful if you
want to write it down because I'm going to read it
all  okay let's see less
jurisprudence and those things no but let's
see they are people who no that I
notice act with humility if they are people
who have other intentions and other
pretensions Well you take it And you say Come on
then let's fix things like this it's
true This is this vocabulary in a
video I have to change it I can't be
so aggressive in the videos I assume my
part and we bury each one on their own
but man if you are a person who is
dedicated to [ __ ] call all
journalists so that the thing about the
pamphlets journalists the thing about the
journalistic articles We have already
seen it since 2019, I mean it's like an
advertisement for the lawyer for the lawyer to
wash himself you know man let's see
that the flowers are very good for you when
people throw them at you when people
value your work without you asking them
when their people come out and
tell you today What a good lawyer you are Uy how
well you have done today but that you yourself
go to the press to be published to be
applauded well this is not the
same A  I like it when people
send me compliments for the good work I
do without me asking for it, without it
being a favor, you know, a
pioneering sentence, a pioneering sentence of honor,
a sentence, a sentence for the right
to honor in which someone has to
read the ruling in the same medium where it
was committed, prisoner, or rather, that's been going on for a
lifetime but it's been going on for decades, or
rather, it's nothing pioneering, it's pioneering
that it's on YouTube, it's not the
first sentence that's been read on YouTube,
in fact, on YouTube there are
cases in which the
person sued has been forced to apologize,
why? Well, because they have reached an agreement
in which a public apology is read,
but this sentence is
nothing pioneering, but if they don't appreciate
almost anything of what you ask for, okay, look at the
background of the facts
that on February 25, 2021,
the ordinary trial claim
filed by the attorney
so-and-so was registered, and on behalf of wismichu
against nauter Play, actually, put the
real names, okay, requesting that a
sentence be issued declaring the
existence of interference  illegitimate in
the honor of the actor okay for the
defendant's publications here what it
means is that it is declared that the
videos that are being sued by naughter
are declared as interference with honor
okay This is not considered complete
because because there are a series of videos
that I have here all 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 13 14 I am counting if I'm not
mistaken Okay and they are not all estimated
Okay now then we will see what they
estimate and those that are not worth it And there are some
very good details that you are going to
love and they have frustrated their
claims okay
comes to defendant 2 condemn the
defendant to the feeling of said
introduction and legitimate in the
fundamental rights of the actor having to
adhere to defame him in the future Okay
when we say defame the word
defame we usually use it in
a term in a with a meaning that is
not the literal Okay when we talk about
defame we are talking about someone lying
about you okay And when there is a
conviction for defamation is because that
person said something about you that is a lie
defame is you speaking badly about someone
but it may be that what you
are defaming is true do you
understand me it
is civil I will play civil for the right to
honor okay what is asked for is money
basically
defamation we when we talk
about information we talk like that is
the term the people the public And it is that we
use it like that I also make that
mistake not that when we talk about defaming
Hey yes they vote convicted of defamation
defame is speaking badly about someone speak
badly about someone it may be that you are
defaming someone but this defaming
you are telling the truth and we
always understand it as defaming
is you saying that you speak badly about
someone and it is a lie okay
3 this strong okay the
defendant is sentenced to the reading of the judgment in
which in the video that he published
weekly on his main
YouTube channel for a month
with a narration of his own at the same volume
and speed as the videos that are the object of
this lawsuit and keeping the four
resulting videos publicly accessible for
at least three months from the publication
of each one  from them order the defendant
well that's something else Okay This is not
appreciated
This is not appreciated in fact they tell him that it is that
this in fact or rather this they
asked me too okay
that the defendant condemns him no longer to
upload a video reading the ruling
what you had already said Javi yes I
imagined this because he is the same lawyer
who has sued me on another occasion
no then now I understand this what he is
looking for is not one
they do not use the law for
according to my point of view and now I am going to
explain why when we
read the sentence but they do not they do
not use the law
because they feel damaged okay And now I am
going to explain why when
we go to the part of the videos they
use it as a weapon for a part
of the media battle okay or rather since they
have no arguments and they are not right, they
use this for
what they are looking for are headlines and then
the little friends of the press and so on
okay
you no you no you you no you have no
intention of cleaning up your image with this I
mean let's see the ruling is read
once in a lifetime but let's go in all
the Sálvame programs that they have, I
mean, look at the people
who have won a lawsuit against Sálvame or Telecinco
for honor rights, those
people do damage your honor because they
have 5 million viewers, they
read you the ruling in one and choosing the
time, I mean, on Sálvame they take the
ruling and they read it to you at
nap time Or they read it to you when they are going to close
at 2 in the morning, of course, you
choose when to read the ruling
within the program but for you to say
that you are asking for the
defendant to be sentenced to read the ruling in four
videos a month,
one video a week, you are not
looking for a cleansing of your honor, you are looking for a
humiliation,
you are looking for a humiliation and
then in the newspapers they say a
pioneering sentence. Let's go, always a pioneer, eh, I mean,
Anaya's pioneer, the one of I don't know who is a
pioneer, all the ones who win that
go to the newspapers are pioneers,
pioneers, nothing  this is not a pioneer, nothing is
worth it, I mean, in all the demands for the
right to honor, the ruling is read in the
same medium where the violation was committed, it's
worth
it, but you. Here, what you're
trying to do is humiliate because you do
n't have any arguments because
the truth doesn't support you and because you're not
right, they support us. And the truth
or reason. So since you can't
refute in video, in video crossing, well, you
try to do these things and then
send headlines, why do you want them to
read the ruling in four videos, one
during the month as if I were Bart
Simpson writing on the blackboard? I'm not going to do it anymore. I'm
not going to do it
anymore. What you're looking for is a humiliation
because apart from that, then, I mean, you
go to the newspapers and publish 28 articles
and then apart from the defendant on his
channel publishes four videos, what you
're looking for is a humiliation. You don't
have the intention of cleaning up your image,
what you're trying to do is put above
a person who has good faith by filing
a lawsuit. And now I'm going to explain this to you
more deeply and you're going to realize it
quietly when we go
to the part of the  videos okay because
now we're going to see the story Thank you very much
now let's see the videos that they
appreciate and those that they don't because it seemed
very funny to me that the articles have taken
out whatever they want because in the
articles they have not taken out the ones that have been
considered that do not violate the honor of
wismichu because there is a very
interesting part there that now I am going to
explain okay But come on this is what I am
telling you it seems very funny to me or rather your
intention is that the youtuber who has
criticized you releases a video a week and
you and you take
down the newspapers to tell it in a
clumsy way man, ole your [ __ ] man, ole your
[ __ ] by not keeping the four
resulting videos publicly accessible for at
least three months from the publication of
each of them, order the defendant to
remove the videos that are the object of
this lawsuit or subsidiarily the
elimination of the
slanderous statements contained in them okay
basically what naughter is sentenced to
is not even to remove the videos to
cut out the part of the awesome insult okay it
will be up to wismichu's lawyer or
both of them, the lawyer will touch because I  they have
done it and the plaintiff is not much
4 condemn the defendant to pay
compensation of 30,000 euros or the
amount that the player considers
appropriate plus costs. This is not
only estimated to be worth 30,000 euros. They are not
only estimated, you will see. Okay, let's
go, what they estimate is 5%.  and the
costs no because the law on costs here
in Spain I don't know about other countries but
here in Spain in order for them to
accept your costs they have to estimate
all the claims ok or so everything
that all the Now videos had
violated the honor If all the videos
had violated honor they condemn him to
costs but since it's not worth it And more or less
that you have asked for a logical
adequate amount ok but that you ask for 30,000
euros is that 30,000 euros I
personally do
n't know if there are many
sentences of 30,000 euros but that you
condemn a person of 30,000 euros
my goodness I don't know I don't see it I don't see the point
okay
Well here it talks a little bit about that
through credit of date such and such such and
such the defendant is notified
in the Public Prosecutor's Office Here are more or
less the steps not the date of the
naughter is not a saint of my devotion But it
seems that the wismichito only wanted to
ridicule the maximum  expression and
trample on it how shameless but manipulating
telling things in a biased way
Why Because you have no arguments
against what is against you against the criticism
that they are making you okay or so you
wismichu what I wanted to use this and
now you are going to realize how
certain things cannot be said about him that are
said you know it's like no Let's see this is
1500 euros for the insults for being a [ __ ]
pig
[ __ ] puppet well And I think this is
also going to be out in an appeal let's go that it doesn't make
any sense the
plaintiff well these are the
legal grounds that if you want we can read it but let's
go it's more or less How
things are going the plaintiff
maintains that the actor known on the
internet as wismichu is a
youtuber and is dedicated to distributing
entertainment videos on said platform
that the defendant is also a youtuber
known as nauter Play that the
defendant in order to get a greater number of
views and personal credit for the
actor, that is, has started a
defamatory campaign by publishing a
cascade of videos  with
insulting statements to the plaintiff here they sell it to you
as if the author had no
intention of undermining. I mean,
naughter's intention is to upload videos,
okay, I mean, today he talks to you about wismichu and
tomorrow he talks to you about Pepe, do you understand? I
mean, it's not like a fixation on wismichu,
no, that he titles
the videos with the name of the
actor, that the title contains insults or
insidious references to the actor, that the
thumbnail of the video contains the
actor's face, Generally deformed for the
purpose of mockery, or rather, Look at all the
complaining that in the
thumbnails you put deformities, let's see, I
've said this many times, it doesn't
depend on what deformities, okay, not
that deformities he's referring to, I wouldn't have that, I did
n't buy the thumbnails one by one,
but it depends, I mean, one thing is that you
put a thumbnail and put dicks
in my face, which are the best, most
humiliating, but another thing is that they make me
cry, even if my eyes turn red, you
know, I mean, these are things that are half
memes, it's not even a montage, not that they
exist between that video of the type
referred to, published between such and such
Well overall
the defendant opposes the lawsuit alleges
that the actor feeds on general
controversy hate confrontation in an
indiscriminate unjustified manner on networks
with messages loaded with insults and
gratuitous provocations that the defendant
has not damaged the honor or the image of the
actor who is the same as that denoted in
his videos that the actor does not act under his
name but under a pseudonym a
digital alter ego with which he launches insults that
wismichu is a character and that he launches
insults and humiliations to others
constantly and repeatedly that the actor has been
seen that the actor has been
immersed live in various
scandals with insults shows with minors
and sex and expulsions from social networks
that the same project to an image of
himself to prove deplorable that he
recognizes himself as an [ __ ] and son of a
[ __ ] with conflicts with other
youtubers that
the actor profits from insults and hatred and practices it regularly that the actor has not suffered moral damage from the accusations of the defendant that he destroys himself that moral or professional damage is not justified by the videos on which he
bases the  claim that the videos
referred to by the actor have been
taken out of context that the defendant did not
have the time to insult offend or
denigrate the actor okay
This is the answer from Here more or less
what the facts are telling you no
One sues the preliminary hearing is held
no that I skipped that anyway That
is the answer these are
naughter's arguments no that the actor
when we talk about the actor is the person
who sues Okay and
then the Public Prosecutor's Office
rules and says the Public Prosecutor's Office has
intervened in the case and concluded by
requesting a judgment granting
the claim related to the interference with the
actor's right to honor for the
expressions made in six of the
videos referred to in the lawsuit and set
compensation for moral damages at 3,000
euros, assessing the context of
aggressiveness, struggle and common practice
of the medium in which
both litigants made their interventions okay that
is, the Public Prosecutor's Office
in all judicial processes there are
three parties okay the person who sues
the defendant and the Public Prosecutor's Office okay
the Public Prosecutor's Office
requests that the lawsuit be partially exempted
but that the logical thing here is  3000 euros is
worth the Public Prosecutor's Office
now comes a part where they more or
less explain to you How to develop
this you don't need to read it
literally okay but basically
because they are explaining to you how
the right to honor works in Spain that
How the right to honor works
that when freedom of
expression exists and it clashes with
fundamental rights, then you have to take
into account the context of each
of the expressions okay And here with
several sentences that you take as
jurisprudence the
constitutional court and the supreme court,
then they explain some examples okay And
now we come to the part
where you have to take into account that if
the honor has been damaged okay
referring to what they may think of
a person affecting both the
financial results of their activity
and the personal image that they have
Okay my personal opinion my
personal opinion is that no that
naughter with his videos has not made me
change my mind about wismichu okay
Javi that part I am interested in if you don't
have data Can you send me a copy and
paste I think I think I think I will
touch that I
can send it to you because  no, I mean it's
jurisprudence, I understand. I mean, they
tell you, they give you some sentence, I think so, I mean, they
are sentences that are
public, okay, what they
point out to you are examples,
similar sentences of honor, okay, so you
understand, okay,
for me personally,
Naughter's videos, no, no, they didn't anger me,
Wismichu's image, Wismichu's image is what he
has, I understand, it has
n't made him earn less money or more
money or anything like that, okay, I mean,
for me personally, it doesn't affect me, no, and
now we go to the part of the videos that
here I personally have taken the
liberty of, as you can see here,
to point them out, okay, I don't know if I can make it
bigger, yes, you can make it bigger,
okay, here is the part of the videos, okay,
here is the part of the videos,
okay, these are the videos, these are the
videos that are reported. And if you see, I have
separated this part from this other one, okay,
because now you are going to understand, okay,
But these are the videos that are
reported, okay, on December 31st,
Wismichu is finished, in this video I am
going to read it to you in its entirety. And now I will explain it to you.
things okay I'll explain one thing but
Listen Carefully okay wismichu is
finished in this video it is said stupid
cowardly piece of [ __ ] and [ __ ]
wismichu stop it once and for all in this video it is
said imbecile pig garbage
what I did not know about wismichu
in this video it is said useless [ __ ] tacky pig henpecked liars wismichu makes the mistake of his life in this video it is said bastard wismichu and the gillette advertisement in this video it is said garbage It is that to me the thing about garbage it is a fantasy that they put this in a player true because
this thing about garbage is that I
say it with these people understand me or rather
mongol okay wismichu confirms the
disaster [ __ ] and [ __ ] the thing about bastard we cannot
say it without meaning to
insult also okay or rather
wismichu shut up once puppet and
clown
wismichu shut up already [ __ ] wismichu
answer now he is ridiculous [ __ ] the
bastard is an expression that I  I
can say without having any intention
of insulting it's not like [ __ ] the
[ __ ] I can say my dog ​​the
[ __ ] who made me take it out now you
have to see the [ __ ] of my teacher
who gave me an exam today I mean it's not it's not
necessarily it doesn't damage your honor
okay But okay now I'll explain
something else wismichu you have a
very big, very serious problem In this video it is
said half-witted and hypocritical hypocritical piece
of [ __ ] puppet piece of [ __ ] and
bug okay
wismichu stop lying in this video it is
said little animal
hypocritical liar
puppet
wismichu sumiya before lolito in this
video naughter wonders if the actor I
mean wismichu will not be able to leave
Spain to not pay taxes here because he
has judicial proceedings in this
country that prevent it
hypocrite savage and narcissistic
the sinking of wismichu monguer and
unbearable
wismichu touched and sunk frustrated
ignorant and keeps quiet like a [ __ ]
keeps quiet how does this remind me of
this puzzle  remember the lawsuit they
file against me is exactly the
same strategy Now here I personally tell you
my conclusion before
explaining what it is that you activate what it is no
no my conclusion is that
these people are not seeking to repair honor
with this lawsuit okay or so for me a
lawsuit for violation of honor is not
used like this okay let's
see none of this has hurt you
wismichu you Here you are putting videos
from 2018 to 2020 What does it
mean that this has not hurt you
when you start watching
13 videos
that take place in a year
to catch in one video the word fool
to catch in another video the word
bastard to catch in another video
puppet bug piece of [ __ ] it has not
hurt you you
are not looking to repair your honor okay you
are looking for something to scratch
to be able to file a lawsuit to make
headlines when your honor is damaged
you are very clear What is the part that has
hurt you What is the one that
has  it hurt me the other day when Agustín
51 dedicated a live to me and told me that I was
dedicated to psychologically abusing
people I don't have to go
search for all the live streams where
Agustín has mentioned me
to scratch in a live at minute
one the word fool to scratch in another one
from three months ago the word hypocrite
to scratch here he keeps quiet like one it's
that what he keeps quiet like a [ __ ] is already
trying to scratch and mix you know what I'm
telling you I mean I don't care if
three months ago he called me fool in a
video I don't care if four
months ago he called me a pig what
hurt me is that he called me a
psychological abuser boom I don't have to look
when when they have damaged your
honor you have Of course that is what has
hurt you when you have to spend
hours reviewing
videos For a year your intention is not to
repair your honor it has not
hurt you useless tacky soupy pig
you are looking for something to scratch
you are not damaging you are not hurt
you are not  you're hurt you're looking for something to
scratch And you start examining the videos
with Lupita to see what little word they
can put in to make them all seem
together a lot
a lawsuit because they damaged your honor is
filed because there is something that has
hurt you Okay then I'll give you the
example of Agustín Agustín 48 hours
you have to remove it as an abuser and
to apologize if not Let's get down to business and
I'm not going to start searching For a year maybe
Agustín called me an idiot
Four months ago in a live broadcast maybe he
called me a
henpecked man not me what has
hurt me is this
if you have to start searching
a year's worth of videos
each 10 minute video to scratch a
little word from each video You have no
intention of repairing honor you're
looking to see where to scratch
where to scratch to be able to file a
lawsuit
you well in my lawsuit in
my lawsuit they put insults in there to
put you in there in the lot so that you bore
more insults that no  you're not even going to stop the
plaintiffs,
for example, he insulted me with the
piece of [ __ ] and I'm telling him
Alquido
and you see the video, I'm telling him
Alkido that Kido had called me at
1800 things, you
know? But anyway, I'll put it in, I'll put it
in the batch in case the judge doesn't see the
videos. No man, sir, it
's as simple as you filing the lawsuit
for a reason and with an
intention. Okay, now let's explain
this, on the one hand, let it be clear,
okay, this is now clear, the lawsuit is
not seeking to recover his honor,
when you have been harmed with an
accusation,
damn it. Hey, look, I'm suing you because you
called me a pedophile. Hey, look, I'm suing you
because you told me that I can't go to
Andorra because I have proceedings here,
but when you're starting to
look for a year in videos that you haven't
even seen, let's see if you
're looking, they're scratching there,
sending the lawyer to track down little words
in videos that you haven't seen,
those videos have not harmed you,
that's not how justice works. Justice
is not for this nonsense.
this is time that the court has wasted
so that you can give yourself a
medal and say this is the first
domino that I've knocked down which domino have you
knocked down if you've spent a fortune
some newspaper headlines so that it stops to be put so that
the lawyer is praised
here what seems disastrous to me is the
misinformation surrounding the sentence
saying that it is a milestone that it sets a
precedent and jurisprudence seems
pathetic to me is that he doesn't feel but if it's not that they
haven't estimated almost
anything of what he asks if it's that they have
n't done anything more than what he
asks for he asked for 30,000 euros he asked for
costs
exquisite your way of presenting yourself
loves you Javi hands applauding thumb
towards invoking throwing a kiss to
see I put it because they don't count it
well understand me because this is very
simple you have won the lawsuit because
a normal person who has no
intention of humiliating
a person who has no intention of
humiliating Okay then you are within your
right to file the lawsuit if you have
felt  hurt okay That's what the law is for
you win it for naughter when
the time comes if he doesn't appeal read the ruling in
a video and you're done with these 1500
euros and people already know that you sue
if you feel hurt Okay now if you
before the sentence is confirmed you go
to the press to say that you have knocked down the
first domino that you are going to
sue many other youtubers
that this is setting jurisprudence
that the rest of us will be
deleting videos at night because we will be
scared
Well now the author is going to
appeal
And on top of that we read the sentence
well okay what is it well well that
you the first thing is that here you have not
had the intention of kitty it already
hurt something if something hurts you you
say I am sending you for this accusation this this
and this but when you have to
scratch this it is because you are looking
to see where to scratch to form the
lawsuit okay And now then the important part you
see this separation that here I have put
a few  of video and here below
put another very simple one okay
this part above are the ones that have been
considered to
violate wismichu's honor but
this part below are the ones that have been
considered to not violate wismichu's honor
and here pay attention because here comes
the chicha I will touch okay this is something
that I think naughter's lawyer has
not realized okay why do I
think this makes the escape This
detail but look It
turns out that these videos or rather
we have already forgotten about these above okay these
above are the ones that are condemned okay let's
go that I am all a bastard half-witted
hypocritical puppet tacky pig I
personally believe that this has been like to
put something like that you cannot
have that language in a medium okay to
put something symbolic But within the
context that Now later we are going
to read about how wismichu behaves on the
internet and that he says much
worse things to other people I
personally would give him balls and I would
go to the provincial court
I would say the provincial court and even
the supreme court would say Come on, I mean I am
sure that the provincial court  is going to
say but well wait a character
like wismichu a character like wismichu it
hurts him to be called a puppet [ __ ]
trash the provincial audience within
the context because because let's see one
thing that you say this to these
words and neither But well Imagine
that you say it to someone like like
loulogio it's not like he's
not going to sue you for this either
Imagine that you say it to
a television presenter like that in
super white who doesn't get into any
controversy it's that he wouldn't know okay but other
types of famous characters okay No no it's not that not
even to an old lady either I wouldn't know Does
anyone know someone super white
someone who presents Disney Channel knows what I'm
telling you I don't know I don't know what example to give you
But someone of course who
is not wismichu okay but your water and
michu tell him this This is the
provincial audience this the provincial audience
sends him back with a jerk okay But
well let's talk about this let's
talk about this because this is what the
judge is worth this This is what
the judge considers
This is what the judge  considers that it does not
violate
This is what the judge considers does not
violate wismichu's honor okay What is it that does
not violate wismichu's honor
hypocritical little animal liar puppet
the actor wonders if it will not be possible
wonders if the actor will not be able to
leave Spain to not pay taxes here
because he has legal proceedings
in this country that prevent him from doing so hypocrite
savage narcissistic monguer unbearable
frustrated ignorant and keeps quiet like a
[ __ ] all these expressions that you
are seeing here are considered not to
violate wismichu's honor And now I'll
tell you something you know what I think you
know what I think was the video
that these people would have liked to have
appreciated to see it used as the
main headline this
Why Because in this video they have put
as a
statement that violates wismichu's honor
that naughter wonders if wismichu
cannot go to Andorra to not pay taxes
here in Spain because he has
legal proceedings in this country
that prevent him from doing so  they prevent
This was the video in my opinion that he
would have liked to be admitted,
why, well, for them to take out the
headline and say, look, for those of you who are
insinuating that I wanted to go to Andorra
but couldn't because of the bottle throw,
This is the This is the video that they would have
liked, this is the reason for the
lawsuit why they take
Turk's head off to the north
and don't take it,
this is considered freedom of expression, it does
n't seem to me that it means anything
decisive, but it seems to me that it is a
valid question, saying that someone has
a pending legal matter without
specifying is not insulting, of course it
is not insulting,
but he wanted them to have included
this video, imagine how it would have been, I
mean, if in nau he had told you in
this video, the best
some of the insults from the others.
Thanks for the morning gossip, grandpa,
but maybe you should have helped nauter
when he asked you, since with all these
arguments from the start they would have
screwed him over, bottles XD or he should have
hired you as a lawyer,
I comment on the gossip but I don't get involved
in judicial proceedings of nobody that I have
enough with mine okay
if this if in this video in car I
had used it Maybe the
insults of the previous ones would have
included the video and they would have said
see it was not my honor yet because he said
this
and I knowing the pretensions of these
people I tell you I tell you that
this
this was what they were going to use as a
headline this was the first intention
this was the first intention of the
lawsuit in my opinion in my
opinion eh that maybe I'm wrong in
my opinion the intention was to take
a headline and say nauter Play condemned
for insinuating in a video that wismichu
has judicial proceedings and
cannot go to Andorra
why the
[ __ ] where do I have it
let's click
Where is the click Where is the clip it
is Genesis' Twitter surely it has it
because now
that balance is difficult to
find it now
the click that I have in my head
right now is going to be complicated
I should have prepared before the
live I should have looked for it
no it is not far away I mean it is a click in
which he spoke about the one that
this Pokémon guy fought
and started saying that there were people who
were already in legal proceedings for saying
that he had a criminal record, okay, you've got
enough with your stuff and you don't
want to tell us how it went in court
tonight, Sunday
night, my trial today,
you know the click, I'm telling you, no, but I do
n't know, right now I don't have it handy,
but it would be brutal to hear it, the
click because the clip with the click would already be
clear, man, I ca
n't find it. I
'm downloading I'm downloading the Genesis account
when the fight with the Pokémon guy was,
more or less.
When the fight with the Pokémon guy was,
more or less, it was this year, not
before or after the Johnny Depp thing in
January. So, wait, I'm going in
May
then. Wait, I'm going in May,
I think it was less ago,
like in the summer, so I have no
notion of time, none,
March, I
'm already here, I'm already here,
[ __ ] March,
look, here I have it now.
[Music]
because you're old enough to be a gentleman,
give some explanation, give some
argument. I want you to be on the internet at that moment.
Thanks,
calculation. What happens is that you already have
quite a few criminal records.
you want to protect yourself you want to be ready one I don't understand what Gallego is about What's the point, I don't know if as a young gentleman from Madrid you want to offend me but very proud the girl Terra friend getting angry Gallego already by the way background you can check it what you just did dangerous that the suspect put in a
video okay pay
attention to this
Okay here
the mouth ends I do
n't understand it I really don't understand I don't
understand why take it out of Gallego
but admit in a video or let it fall in
a video that a certain person has a
criminal record without having them
careful careful
because there are some who are already having to
face initial phases
for saying similar things So be
careful analyze it you
see because there are some who are already
trying to who are already having to
face initial phases the only one
in naughter I mean there is no one else
sued we would not have found out okay the
only snauzer okay here here when I
hear this
careful
because there are some who are already having to
face initial phases
for saying similar things clear here I
have it clear the intention of these
people the intention of these people was to
say that  the sentence was for saying this he
wonders if wismichu will not be able to
leave Spain to avoid paying taxes here
because he has legal proceedings
in this country okay Well, they haven't
caught this okay They haven't
admitted this this does not violate wismichu's honor
hypocritical little animal lying
puppet wonders if wismichu will not be
able to leave Spain to avoid
paying taxes there because he has to avoid paying
taxes here because he has
legal proceedings in this country that
prevent him from doing so hypocritical savages narcissistic
monger and unbearable frustrated
ignorant keeps quiet like a [ __ ] okay
There you have the key to the lawsuit
dismantled okay There you have the key to
the lawsuit for me In my opinion
for me In my opinion the narrative they
wanted to build was naughter has been
convicted for saying that wismichu has
proceedings in Spain for which he cannot
go live in Andorra
for me That was the intention because
if you don't If you don't have let's go if it
bothers you that in 2018 they call you tacky
henpecked I don't know what you send a burofax
at that moment the correct way to
do things is that you let's see is
that before filling the court to me for
example you send me a burofax to me for
example Luis endera sent me a burofax and he
told me he had thrown some
YouTube videos and he put It's not that you
called me idiot more called sexist more
called I don't know what in a burofax And I
told him okay You want me to delete
these videos that I have no business
you are getting involved in the content of the
gossip of the youtubers you are
messing with me you are messing with
Dalas you have called me
worse things misogynistic pig But you want me to
remove it okay Take away the strike that you put on me
and I will delete these insults he did not answer me
okay then if you sue
work like [ __ ] you understand But
when you when you take and sue and
to file a lawsuit
your lawyer has to put in place to see what words he
scratches from I don't know how many hours of video
you have not  hurt nothing you're
scratching to see what you can
scratch
then for me personally apart from
what I'm telling you for me
personally the video that they wanted them to
take It was that one because the
headlines in the facua and the others
would have been that they convicted him for
insinuating that he has a
criminal record or that he has procedures
some thing like that and it has backfired I
mean don't go Javi
since you have the sentence there on what
exact date the lawsuit was filed in
January 2021 I
don't know if January February
in February 2021 February 25 and they
are including videos from 2018
you weren't hurt by the videos from 2018
you weren't in trouble by the videos from
2018 the intention that they had was to
say this is like with the lawsuit
with me with the lawsuit with me they
are suing me for some insults but it
is uncomfortable on the sly they put you in and he has
accused her of this and the others you know
how no no no no don't
try to say that they
condemn me  from what I say what
I say has nothing to do with it, you know,
putting in all the background to see if it would
work, no no, but you've already seen, you've already
seen, because I didn't want to say
anything about something that they had
told me in private, but when I saw
what Darisan said, that he said that there were
people who were being sued for
saying things like that, I said, [ __ ], maybe there
's something that they haven't told me and they've
hidden from me, but for me the
lawsuit was for insults, of course, and
now when I see the sentence, I
understood.
Now when I saw the sentence, I
understood the claim of the sentence
was 30,000 euros in
costs that I read that she release a video a
week for the entire month
reading the ruling as a way of humiliation
that all the headlines in
newspapers all over Spain saying that
she has been convicted for insinuating something and he
had put this as a headline, he wouldn't have
put it, it's not that he insulted me
and he said, monger, he said, no, no,
he would have put this video,
he would have put this, let's see
what video it is because  that video naughter
doesn't have to be touched
that video naughter doesn't have to be touched
we're talking about a video that is
wismichu humiliates himself before lolito okay
This video naughter doesn't have to be
touched or rather we can see it perfectly well let's
look for the transcript
[Music]
I wonder
apart from the fact that you are a separatist
everyone already knows that and you have always
thrown a chick at Spain as a country
22 Spain
then seeing and knowing this I
wonder where that
patriotism came from I don't understand it it won't be
although I am also very suspicious that
this I always tell you that you are fine
but very very squirrel because you
cannot do the same thing, that is to say go
live abroad to pay less and you
will also ask yourselves but why Because
this little pigeon cannot go
live outside of Spain which is what is
happening it will not be and I ask this I let it
go out there and I leave it in the air that he
has some judicial process out there that
is preventing him in fact it is
increasingly clear to me when he deleted the
criticism of torete it was not because of the issue that he
felt bad Oh  poor thing in a
kind way no no it was because he didn't want
any kind of enmity with him
or with his friends since they were going to be
neighbors inside or that's what he wanted but there it
went wrong How nice that is impact here you
have it It's that here you have it this is this is what
he wanted to put that was
the reason for the sentence I'm sure I
'm sure I know them like I had
given birth to them the manipulations the
double readings and so on I
know them but come on I know them already perfectly
okay maybe I'm going to make a video
for the main channel summarizing this
well because this is great this is
great okay I mean the intention for sure
the intention was surely to take
This video and that it was the headline of
the newspapers
in fact he's already selling it like he
won everything no no no it's not that he hasn't
taken everything I mean you of the 13 videos that you have
presented 1314 to esteemed titans 6
but the one you wanted to be taken for
sure He hasn't taken you the one
you wanted to eat you that's not the one that they
took you Hahaha
total says the sentence  some of the
expressions that the defendant uses in
these videos and that are directed at the
actor as a cowardly fool piece of
[ __ ] bastard piece of [ __ ] imbecile
pig piece of garbage useless [ __ ] tacky
pig calsonaso mongol bastard and
[ __ ] puppet clown half-witted
hypocrite and bug are
considered insults are injurious
and the analysis of the content of the
set of the cited videos it is
proven that the defendant warns it
with contempt for the actor here
personally I personally believe that
the supreme court
that no matter how insulting it is if we are
speaking in the context that we are
speaking let's see we are in a
more vulgar environment we can consider
that we are half brats we are not the
news you know or rather especially in
the years in which we are speaking
Well we are talking about 2018 videos
where we have less experience in the
medium we were less professional less
known it is a game in which
all the people who are
dedicated to gossip enter within the context
I do not I do not estimate there is a conviction there
I do not estimate there is a conviction but come on
no way the bad words and  the
lack of respect
constantly appears the existence
of such expressions is noted in the videos on which
the plaintiff bases the claim and in
which as has already been stated
the clips of the videos
made by the plaintiff appear inserted in which he appears
making insulting and
disrespectful expressions directed at third parties
unrelated to this case and they also appear
in the videos that the defendant has provided
as documents tacatá
in which now the plaintiff or wismichu
uses expressions such as [ __ ] son of
a [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
rats must Therefore it must be resolved whether the
update of the pressures of this
type and of insult by both
litigants in the medium in which they are
poured would allow to understand that the
expressions that have been accredited
uttered by the defendant referring to the
plaintiff can be
classified as proportionate
to the context and therefore cannot be
considered violators of the right to
honor okay the answer is negative
considering the forcefulness of the
expressions or in other words here what he is
telling you is that we would have to ask ourselves
and within the context in which they  they
handle can it be considered that this
violates honor or not no Or can it be ignored
no then they say it doesn't
say The answer is negative
considering the forcefulness of the
expressions used by the defendant with
respect to the actor okay the
public nature of the people who tell them and
the tone are not justified on Sunday seeing
the king of gossip live is God
thanks A huge kiss okay encouragement
retouch and for life no this would not be
encouragement rotor Kendy if there had
been the minimum tweet in which
wismichu insults naughter awesome they would not have
filed the lawsuit surely
if there had been the minimum the minimum
tweet in which wismichu tells
naughter [ __ ] they would not file the lawsuit
because there is already here what they are
saying is that it is good that wismichu
insults other people I will not give him the
right to insult him it is like
saying Well why do other people
send wismichu no I think it was
because of the gratuity and the aggressive way
of communicating of nauterplay Yes yes that is what
you  saying I'll play Okay According to
constitutional jurisprudence, the
assessment of the exercise of the right to
freedom of expression and the right to
honor and the determination of its limits
requires taking into account several aspects
such as the public relevance of the matter, the
type of intervention, and whether
or not these expressions contribute to the
formation of public opinion, for
example, things would change if instead of
being edited videos they had been
live, do you
understand me? If they had been live,
in which you have less time to
think about what you said or you can't
edit it or whatever, you know, well, it would be
different, okay, here it is considered what the
[ __ ] it was an edited video that you
recorded and you edited it on purpose, that is, you
left the insult there on purpose, no,
but well,
now it is also
considered that the expressions
contained in these videos violate
honor and in these others it is not worth it, I mean,
this is what I have already shown you, not the
videos that yes and the videos that no, I have already
explained that, even with the change in
tone in The Voice a little less aggressive and
more mocking, it possibly would help. Of course,
if it is considered. If it had been
considered humor and such, you know, it
would have changed  and more so going to
a person like wismichu okay okay we
skip a part okay the
plaintiff is interested in condemning the defendant to
the reading of the judgment in the video that will be
published weekly on his
main YouTube channel for one month with
a narration of his own at the same volume and
speed as the videos that are the subject of this
lawsuit and keeping the four
resulting videos publicly accessible for at
least three months from the publication of
each of them, order the defendant to
eliminate the videos that are the subject of
this lawsuit or subsidiarily the
elimination of the
injurious statements contained therein, those
referred to in the second ground
and basically here it tells him
later
that the
need to publish more than one video is not considered justified or
to establish that the reading of the judgment
must be in a narration at the same
volume or speed as the videos that are the
subject of the band, it being not necessary for
the narration to occur in this way
to repair the honor of the defendant,
basically that what you are
asking for is a humiliation, colleague, what you are asking for
is to
show off and for people to say what a good lawyer you are.
Well, with this, with all the lawsuits that they
file,
the things that you are seeing, with all
the  that
they always put there's something behind let's see there's something that knows one way a double reading you know one they don't say that eh No no they don't say this this has been rejected we are not going to see the ruling they are read one by one in a video but it's not that I make a video
or yes let's see it's not even that I
make a video eh it's not
even that I make a video reading
the ruling no no no no no no naughter
next week
if he doesn't appeal in a video that makes me
Juan talking about deretics at the end of the
video in the middle of the video where he
considers he
reads the ruling the ruling is the final part
the ruling would be that tatatal is sentenced to
pay tata so-and-so 1500 euros because the
videos of this day of this day of this
day and of this day have violated his honor
damn I
mean the news that has been published
Of course of course the news is
completely closed
lawyers like Camil Vázquez do not need to
do these things to stand out nor do they
create YouTube channels nor do they go on
Twitter to become like
another youtuber involved in the gossip
People have to throw flattery at you
without you asking for it
People have to throw flattery at you without you asking for it But let your
friends in the press go and tell you about the
zasca that this lawyer has given. Well please
Javi What happened with the trial of something? Well, I do
n't know what happened at the moment. The last thing
that was known was that Dalas said that it was
opened and the same thing happened there. They went to the
press saying that they had filed it
quickly and then it turned out that they
opened it and they have already gone to the press to see
if it remains open. They
can give it the media part that the
legal part. No, it's not that this has a
media intention. Yes,
this has a media intention.
This has the intention that since they don't
have the arguments or the truth on their
side. Well, they
make an interpretation that they want
with this, you understand. In other words, the intention
is frustrated, the intention was 30,000
euros for the costs
that he read the ruling, that he made a video
once, that once a week he has already
read the sentence. Javi will have been
reading an intrusive lawsuit for two days,
not a highway, but now  he has little left I
don't understand how ganowimmicho does that he's
rather losing, he's
totally destroying his image no but let's
see is that you who
are telling me that you are going to spend on each
person who calls you stupid [ __ ] you are going to
spend 10,000 euros whatever it costs you to
file a lawsuit they pay 1500 in
three years and that no that you are not going to sue
anyone else
but the thing for me is not the
lawsuit on site because I can
tell you as I said the other day as I said
from the beginning the insults are
there
the insults are there I can take you
and I can tell you the insults are there
and this is something that we have to
get rid of here
and I say this every time they
criticize me for being lukewarm Well I don't know what No
gentlemen we are changing we are
a media we have made the mistake of being
vulgar when we have been at other
ages or when we were starting but we
already have to realize the
responsibility that we have and the
image that we have and this type of
expressions well we have to get rid of them not
then any person with good
intentions and who wants  stop or whatever
you win the trial 1500 euros
you pay the 1500 euros naughter read
the verdict
the rest of us would have said [ __ ] man it's just that you ca
n't insult come on
Okay then there you go you know but no no no no
no not about the sole exactly you those are you
know but still I don't know many
people involved but I don't know if the
intention was financial gain more
like it was to send a message yes yes it was
for me I'll play it it's clear I mean if you
read the sentence it's clear the
intention was like taking it by the head from
Turco and that no one else would think of
saying or thinking that wismichu has a
record for the bottle or that he
wanted to and Andorra that he couldn't
because of whatever he had I mean that's the intention the
intention is that Hey then report
Dallas
report Dallas But not for anything else
report dala for saying that you have a
record which was the one who said it and
then if they condemn Dallas for
slander for having said that you have a
record then it will be a lie
about the record but since
Dallas doesn't report instead of reporting
Dalas for slander for telling him about the
background
sues the naughter starts searching for
a year of videos compiling
compiling here he told me idiot Oh in
this one he told me [ __ ] Oh when the
intention they surely had was to put the
video where they say about Andorra
but if it is clear
and with Naia they had another intention
that will also come out surely he
does not denounce Dallas or other people
because most likely the spirit reto
Kendy goes against him as we say in
Colombia the monkey knows what stick he climbs I will
play I am sure Well I am
sure no maybe I can be wrong
you are a player you were never you
can be sure because for example with
this lawsuit I thought I was going to
lose Even in the first instance but
if he sues Dallas then surely the
same thing will happen to him Cadalas when he
denounced him I do
n't know if he will file another complaint for
something different
but if it is for an issue of slander or
something like that
the same thing will happen to him So what is he
doing How do they play How do they
play their cards well what he has
done is sue  naughter but I can
tell you that it didn't turn out the way
he wanted but let's see on
top of the fact that it didn't work out for you don't
go to the press Hey lawyer David
Bravo what he has achieved a
pioneering lawsuit Oh the first domino and
now come the other
youtubers I have created jurisprudence don't
be afraid that is a very
ugly insinuation to auronplay Okay I have to talk
to auron that last night I spoke to him but I
have to tell him that if he wants me to
explain it because that is a
very ugly insinuation
there is something that a person
started to tell about the Private life of
auronplay okay that thing Private of
auronplay it came to me when I was
in other sides Okay then I know the
insinuation that they are making in
naughter no auronplay it is an insinuation
Imagine that
I had invented something Imagine
that I
find out that auron shits in the
shower
and now I start throwing barbs on
Twitter  that Auron shits in the shower
and I'm like this it's not that it's Javi
got the interview with Auron because it
's Javi knows that Auron shits in the
shower and he's still scared in case he
says it
I'm making it up eh but
basically
the dig that the tweets are throwing around that
I'm saving because they match
perfectly also with the
conversations that you because I have
all the conversations from the past
where they tell me the same thing that they're
insinuating Okay
so the first thing is that it's a lie I
spoke with Auro and the first thing is that it's a
lie and the second is that if it were
true he can [ __ ] in the shower as many
times as he wants it makes
the people who are
trying to make fun of him for something like that worse than
Auron himself okay but he's really
hurt because he even gave me the
interview because the villain made
peace with Dala And then they have the
need to let the public see that they
do it out of fear like we have some
very serious information about them
Javi You have the library and so much
and less more
but it's like that so that like that
Or rather  literally
let's see what it comes to That you take out
a thread there when You are announcing the
lawsuit of nauter Play What comes to That you take out
there you
no longer have to give him an interview you
can now denounce him you no longer have to be
afraid that I have created jurisprudence
what jurisprudence has created
who wanted to sue for this
nonsense for 1500 euros
who is going to start suing
Or rather it is an influence created
if the jurisprudence It is what he is
telling you that now we are going to see is that
being the character that you are you do not
deserve the compensation that you are
asking for
the first domino now
the others come
the first domino and they already
start retweeting on
wismichu's Twitter I can already see a few
deleting videos tonight as if we
had no tomorrow
who deletes my video Who has said to
wismichu something worse than what he says
if in the videos he does not have to
delete or is sued
who deletes the videos wismichu I can
already see one but because I am so
vacilones it is  that the problem is that guy
if they were people otherwise
naughter surely neither knows nor
intends to appeal take Take it we
leave it here and no longer you
according to the focus Yes well Rubén Sánchez
what I find very funny point
number one that I have said this
many times but I hope that someone
intervenes here one day eh Because I do
not see it normal that a website of a
company subsidized by our
taxes with the money that they
take from our taxes has a
consumer page there
a subsidized association that is
dedicated to what seems to me an
advertising campaign for that lawyer
a guy Rubén Sánchez who was
sentenced to pay 6000 euros for
messing with a tweeter
and that at the moment it is not known how the
appeal ended They will not have the
result yet but man that you who have been
sentenced for the same thing or worse
you say to yourself that you
lose no you do not take it out that non-
pioneer
that non-pioneer facua but
come on
sentence that the group wins some
youtuber
comes out
Hey forgive me that it is an association
that is  subsidized by all
Spaniards and when we talk about all
Spaniards we also talk about Javier
Oliveira we talk about Nauter what the hell is
this that is used to whip those who
are not on your side or how is
that worth to begin with and to finish
that the spokesman himself has been convicted
by right of honor for insulting a
twitterer it's like Excuse me or rather I
should I that with these people I hallucinate Eh
I that with these people I hallucinate man
I want with these people really that
But what am I telling you what I was going to that
in the end I don't say that if they were in a
different way more humble they would have
good intentions Hey let's stop what I do
n't want is more war Hey
let's do something then tricks and he
says
come on take the 1500 euros I read the ruling and I
try to
address you with respect from
now on but of course now you see 28
articles in the press mentioning three
cattle to your face
28 articles in the press in one they
give you a headline pioneering sentence they
force a youtuber to apologize with
wismichu
first domino piece thrown
youtubers thanks to me you can now
report all of these
I personally don't see it as a
case they're going to boast about, I
mean I don't see any success here
but it's not because of the amount eh I mean the
amount is the least of it the amount is
symbolic
the amount is fine it's what they're sentenced to I
mean the sentences of save me which
are insults and accusations much worse
people are sentenced to maybe
5,000 4,000 3,000 is what
the prosecution was asking for they didn't put
1500 because wismichu how is it
but man that you start
saying that it's the first domino piece that we'll
all be scared deleting
videos
but apart from that there's another thing that
they're also saying that I saw it and they sent me
yesterday that naughter in person was not
so much Gallito as that in person he
turned into a little lamb and it's like
According to what they've told me
naughter did not come out to testify they
didn't call him  to declare
because they try to sell a
joke and a cockiness whenever they don't
have
the defendant has that the plaintiff has not
approved any moral or
professional damages that no professional report is provided to
support said prejudice
that the actor's channel has grown
continuously so there is no
damage for the actions of the
defendant that the more insults the actor is
richer than the actor feeds the own
Hatred that he receives that the actor has
destroyed his own reputation with his
insults and attacks on people and
groups the Public Prosecutor's Office set the
compensation for that
Thank you very much set the compensation at three
thousand euros valuing to set the
moral damages the context of the struggle and the
usual insults in the medium
in which the
statements of the party are produced Okay and now
we are going to go
to the documentary evidence
okay in which the
behavior of the actor is declared accredited, that is,
wismichu on social networks okay
expressions like
this month I'm rich again sons of [ __ ]
eat my whole [ __ ] fools you are
fools let the coke run come on
call a third party [ __ ] girls he
addresses his audience saying me  you're going to
eat the [ __ ]
states on social networks
that Jordi the [ __ ] boy is providing
YouTube The light that we all needed
addressing other youtubers he tells them to
take a bucket fill it with cement put your
feet in and when it dries jump into the
deepest part of the pool do it that
was to the prisoners to Shooter And
that
is take a bucket fill it with cement put your
feet in and when it dries jump into
the deepest part of the pool
also in one of his videos he states
referring to his other videos that it
is a very worked video and there is no
need for you to come and bother
insults to third parties like
[ __ ] demagogue blowhard [ __ ]
son of a [ __ ] [ __ ] those who have
one brain cell left useless [ __ ]
rats that walk among the garbage
have valued all these insults
have valued how wismichu refers to
people and groups
indiscriminately with insults and
contempt
therefore in summary
with 1500 euros
which is 5% of the requested amount
you get with  a stone in the tooth
regarding the coast to the coast Well
as I have told you before in accordance
with the criteria established in
article 394
of the law of the costs since
the claim has been partially estimated there is no
pronouncement on costs okay What does
this mean that in order for you to be
sentenced to Coast they have to estimate
the entire claim okay or that is to say that the 13
videos violated the honor
and that the amount more or less was a
logical thing It's a
shame that nauter Play
never said anything to him Well he has said it to the
gossip channels in general
referring to naughter among others But
well mentioning it not as much as me
for example to me
and nothing is said the sentence okay the
ruling would be Well that
the claim filed is partially estimated
portal that declares the existence of
illegitimate interference in the honor of the
actor in such such such such such video that is
condemned that it is that of the
illegitimate interference of
fundamental rights and that the reading of the ruling
will be published on its main
YouTube channel with a clear narration and
intelligible that must be publicly
accessible for at least three months
orders and orders the defendant to remove
the videos referred to in the
first section of this ruling or at least to
remove the statements that have been
declared slanderous in the grounds
of this resolution What does this mean that he does
not have to remove the videos that he
has to take with the YouTube editor
and cut the pieces and condemn the
defendant to compensation of 1,500
euros all without making a
pronouncement on costs and this well
has 20 days to appeal
what do you think family
what do you think
Well for me the most important part
for me the most important part are the
and that I will surely release in a
separate extract or in a video for the
main channel separately so that
the editor can do it for me the powerful part and in
which I believe that no inaute
or his lawyer has fallen and they will have seen it now
for me the important part is the
videos that they do not estimate worth
20 business days I will play Yes here in
Colombia you have to appeal within the
same hearing and they give you three days
maximum to no no but here they give you  20
days like this
and they've had enough all
the newspapers Hey, this news, they're
publishing this news without it being final, man.
Well, they've also gone to the press to
publish all the news simply
to announce a lawsuit, if they don't
even have the answer, not
even,
but for me the most powerful part
that I would emphasize the most is the
part of
the videos that they estimate and those that are not
valid because obviously
I think what date the ruling is from Javi Oh, I just
closed it there
but come on, it was these days,
the 20 days Well, I didn't just close it, dude,
but come on, other days ago they didn't
expect anything, they
waited for us for nothing Let's say it was the
day before, the day before or two days
before the news, I'll play, you don't know,
expect anything, but I
hope that what I draw here is the
conclusion that I draw is that Well the
first thing is that it's worth, I mean, for me
personally,
the video that they wanted to be
estimated, they haven't estimated it, which is the
issue that it can't, that it was
attempted, seeing that I know that maybe it would have
been naughty  raises If he could have
gone to Andorra, I mean, he has
the intention of going to Andorra and that and that he has
n't been able to go to Andorra because of the
issues he has or has had, okay,
that video is the one he wanted, they would surely
appreciate it to then use it, as you have
seen in the clip on Genesis' Twitter, they are being
sued for insinuating this or for
claiming that I have a criminal record,
okay, report the person who is telling
you about
the criminal record, report
the person who is telling you the person who
brought it out that you have or have had a
criminal record, report that person, report that person.
But why don't you just tell
the truth, man, always and don't do this,
this [ __ ], I
mean, why are you filing a lawsuit? You
spent all that money on a
lawsuit
and you want to sell it as something that wasn't
the first domino piece
called, they are all going crazy deleting the
video,
for me the key is that, okay, for me the
key is that they didn't take the video that
he wanted them to take, they didn't
take it, okay, and he screwed up and
started making
headlines saying a pioneering sentence,
pioneering that  pioneer Well,
apart from that, they don't value him at
all, man, I mean, they haven't even valued
all the videos, especially the video he wanted, they haven't valued all the videos, especially the video he wanted, they haven't valued the 30,000 bucks, not so much to estimate the costs, not so much the outrage that you wanted, the excess that he wanted to be that he read the ruling in a video every
week, I
mean, Apart from the fact that you go to the
press to all your Cole
gas a video a week as if he were
Bart Simpson
and also on Twitter bragging,
throwing some really ugly hints at
Auron and Beijing that have nothing to
do with this matter that you're stupid it would be
naughter and wismichu,
neither Beijing nor Auron nor Dalas nor
habilibay nor anyone have anything to do with it
and apart from that, start showing off the
first domino
the others are already running deleting the
video
the following Lada loves
have given him the minimum because it's true
that the insults are ugly Yes, but
the insults Look what it is  what I
was repeating now with this I finish the
extract that if I were the author and I
said it the first day when the news came out
if I were the self I would have
said man this This little mouth is untenable I assume
this I will not appeal And from
here we have to change the attitude but it's that you
already see them with those with those
intentions and I would put balls to
the resources those people announce that they are filing
a lawsuit as if it were a triumph it does not
surprise me that they take a
half victory as a pioneering sentence face
rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter pioneer pioneer
why Because the ruling is read on
YouTube So the medium YouTube if it
were the radio the sentence would be read on
the radio
if I am honest I think that if
someone were to be denounced it would be those from eda TV for the
coverage of the complaint because
I did not watch the videos nor did I get involved in that
subject nor do I want to get involved Or it
seems absurd to me it seems absurd to me
the subject that is being talked about
wismichu himself has already said that it
disgusts him like  he behaved with the charrulé and
what do you think I don't know what it seems I don't know
how much I don't care anymore I'm not going to get into
whether the legal or non-legal issues because I
have no idea nor do I want to know about
such delicate issues okay those from eda
TV have given a news story and then they
have not continued giving it Well just like you
with the Argos case
no but they have sued TV that doesn't make any
sense But a pioneering sentence
because What is the pioneering one I do
n't understand What is the pioneering one But what am I
telling you man if it were
another way but the thing is that these people are not
going to change their lives and then what happens to them happens to them
that they are not going to change their lives
of course what pioneering sentence not so
dear nothing
and now it's that it doesn't make sense but
well anyway for me it
has become clear or rather I would take it and I would
go because
according to my opinion
the provincial court and the
supreme court when they see the insults that have been
sentenced
When they see the insults that have been
sentenced And what the
complainant does Hey maybe he
takes it and continues and  he keeps
holding on to it and naughter risks
paying costs but I would take it I would take the risk
Hey then I
have to pay costs well
listen to me that's it but I would try
because it often happens that
one thing happens in the first instance and then it
completely changes Look Federico Jiménez
losantos was sentenced to 3,000 euros in
the first instance for insults more or
less the same no because they are
nonsense no to Irene Montero
in the first instance 3000 euros in the
provincial court in the supreme court he won he
has to pay
the costs in Montero there were some judges who
wrote like an article in a
newspaper saying that if Irene Montero
unzipped her fly I don't know who I don't know
how much
Good afternoon Rey a kiss catering they
sentenced the guys to 70,000 euros to
pay Irene Montero 70,000 euros in the
first instance in the appeal she has to
pay the costs to
them
I would appeal the truth is I do  I
see the truth is that I see it and it's not
that I would appeal it Because what I see is
that I would appeal it and on top of that I would include what they are
doing with the press and the
thread that he has put up
hesitating And the intention is clear
let's see if I see it
Maybe I see things because I will
touch it they are evaluating it maybe I
see things because I already know them and I know the
intentions and nothing more than I have seen the
videos that have been estimated and the ones
that I have not said this is the video that
they wanted to put up
This is the video that they wanted to take
Turco's head
you know those are things that maybe the
judges do not realize but the
moment that you show him the
press news that the lawyer went out in
the press to praise himself the chuís the
thread
that can be included in the appeal
I would appeal I said the first day I would
leave this like that 1500 and bury the
hatchet and stop but after seeing
their attitudes
always selling the skin before hunting
the bear I would appeal without a doubt if I
were a naute and if he is watching us I  I would
throw some balls,
assess how much the costs are. Imagine
that they sentence you to instead of 1,500, you
still keep the 1,500 but they
add the costs. Assess whatever it is,
that money is not much for the court and you assume it
and but try at least the
provincial court but I would say
I will not leave it like that on top of how they are. I
mean, I would not leave it like that just
because of the attitude they have, I
am the most peaceful person in the world.
Personally, I would stop my case
immediately and I have thrown down the gauntlet
800,000 times. I have thrown down the gauntlet 80,000
times. Let's stop it, let's leave it
here, let's not
mention each other again, each one on our own, I will delete
what you ask me
but of course They have other
intentions that you can already see here, no,
and I sincerely do, but it is that it cannot
be that they are people who are
not that they
are people that I believe that this
is a farce based on
Javi's false narrative. He does not criticize Dallas
because you are afraid  that you report yourself but
replicated in them I
don't understand you, I think that unfortunately
the judges would not see it the same as you,
what about the video is that, no, that's
not going to happen, that's not going to get it,
the insults are outrageous, the
insults But what am I
telling you, if you catch me maybe and
say those insults to him,
Oh maltosano, well you still say, Well
come on, take 1500 but a wismichu
to a wismichu,
their intention was not the
insults, the insults were just filler,
okay And what they used to
title, the intention, for me,
their intention was the video
that makes reference to Andorra, I
'm very clear about it, I'm very clear about it and
this with all the lawsuits they file and
so on and because you never find out
about half of the things because
many times you can't tell everything,
okay But they always go around saying that they
are strategies because they don't have
the truth on their side, they are always
media strategies to make
headlines that are different from reality and
things  so you know but well they now
we here reporting the truth
family last night something happened
that surprised me the truth is it
seemed quite powerful to me And it is that Ricky
edit did a live Well it is a
7 hour live from what I am seeing here
on screen and in this live he rebuked rebuked
Thank you very much I will play thank you very much I am
glad that you liked it
Dallas rebukes and also as if he challenges them or rather he
challenges them to a debate he tells him that he doesn't have the
balls I don't
know he is quite harsh against Dallas
pay attention to what he says Look this is
something that he does
n't plan on saying I wasn't going to
tell it until it happened
but I am going to say it watch out I read the subs
now I am going to say we had to
buy one last time that nothing has happened
because this is very good I know
that some of you are not going to believe it others are
going to take it as if I am bluffing that I am
exaggerating that I am
making things up it is no longer in my hands
because some time has passed and I understand that it is not going to
happen but
how do I explain this that it is late
well basically
[Music] there was going to
be a debate with Dallas  not a
debate a heated conversation on discord mind you
because it
's quite it
's quite
like scratched it's quite chopped
from last year's series to a
time when he was hospitalized throwing videos at me and how
YouTube has laughed at him man I would pay
to see a debate between these two I
swear I am I would pay for that show he
opened a private message insulting me and the whole
thing
telling me well about everything he told me I'm not going
to say specifically what Because I'm
going to do another series okay let's see
obviously after I'm
telling this he's going to come out he's going to
jump because no he can't hold it in
his head he can't say well he's
talking I'm going to let it go so that it
seems like a lie because he knows that
I know that what I'm saying is
true So that last year He already
insulted me enough Well
I really thought that Dalas
would have jumped a long time ago eh
I think that Dalas would have jumped a
long time ago I don't know why not he hasn't
jumped yet because there's a series going on
the issue of the strikes I've tried to
throw away the series with the strikes he put
some strikes on Twitch
But why doesn't he jump  snatch their
arguments or a debate dude I mean if you
're challenging the dude a debate I
mean it wouldn't be how many times did I
challenge him to debate publicly I don't
let them tell me that that's it I mean I'm
going up to debate this year too like I
unblocked myself on Twitter to tell me
dude I don't know what it was like I started insulting him and I
said we have a chat this whatever
you want okay go dude I don't know who Anyway we're
going to have the chat he asked me to
add him on discord I sent him a request and
on discord I got into a mess he told me some
pearls dude well he messed with me he
insulted me he threatened me he threatened to
kill me he
messed with Laura with my girlfriend the
insult
[ __ ] it would be really ugly if this is true
eh
this would be really ugly eh And I have to say that he
ended up pretty screwed up I mean you
know how I am I'm just as
cheeky
in private and in public
and the truth is that he gave me quite a bit of the
conversation What happens is that a couple of
days ago I see that he uploaded a video that says
Goodbye he tried  make it seem like he's
leaving a lot of times because he thinks that the
only way to recycle the audience or to be
taken seriously, people who are
normal is to use his image, they're going to laugh,
which is logical in a coherent person,
a person who has followed
his career and sees how bad it is
today, believes that they are the
option and the reality is that he has not, he has not
accepted anything, I mean, I told him to have
the talk whenever he wanted and he said there was a
day when I wasn't there, I didn't even look at the album
and he said this afternoon I was already traveling,
my bar in Norway, yeah, [ __ ]
but that debate is gold, eh, I mean, family,
listen to me, but that debate, that debate, we
put up the money, we organize it, we organize it, we
invite them here, we
pay for the guests and on the plane to
Norway while I was going there I
said, Wait until he arrives, I'll let
you know and we have the talk, I get into a mess,
I'm laughing because I can't show
the messages because I don't have his
direct authorization, but now that this
is coming to light,
he's like under an obligation or he has to,
like now that Akuma doesn't stop him, be careful,
but why would he stop  akuma who
will debate with Ricky I
mean I don't understand I don't
think akuma would stop him no In any
case he wouldn't mind let's see Ricky
got into akuma I mean Ricky Let's see I don't
remember the controversy off the top of my head
but
[Music]
Ricky behaved badly with akuma eh I mean he made
fun of him in a way he made
fun of him in a
very pathetic and quite sexist way I mean
because the insults were sexist
otherwise he only knows how to suck a microphone I don't
know what And also the audience left him
terrible then Ricky with Dallas to watch the
series they talked more about technical issues that
akuma made a brutal video to Ricky That's
why I'm telling you I mean I don't understand why you haven't
been in a debate with this guy
to see Ricky against Dallas there was a
series there was a series that well I
was refuting the series but it wasn't
like personal issues or anything in some
points I think Ricky wasn't
right and he was kissing the ass of
grefg and Greg Vale's team and in
some things he wasn't right and they are
very easy to refute Okay and in other
things he would be right but
in the end they are technical issues or rather
debating about something
the series was boring but people
like that to the people who hate Dallas well it
helps because you're not leaving
Dallas in a bad light when the point of the
point of that controversy was that he didn't
want to attack which was that Greg
wanted to stay in a very Cerda way
with the exclusivity of the rewind you
understand and then let's see Ricky vs.
Dallas what I've been able to find
about him and when I made videos not of
Ricky Dallas what I found of Ricky
Asia Dallas well it was
pretty ugly insults I don't know if there was
one that said something like he would
break his face or something like that you know they
were old twist But well ugly yes
some I am quite ugly I am ugly they
had the ball in their court to
tell me you know there were no more things in
fact there were there was like he
questioned André's sentence there were
things there were things there were things he
shows the messages or he didn't say the
messages Don't do it But then
he looks like a coward and he can't
tolerate that  always let's see then yes I accept
the debate No because if he said come on let's go
no longer because he is the person he
loves the most in the world that's the case he has just
gone through several
personal clashes due to several human moves that
are a pain in the ass that I don't wish on
anyone and I understand that it upsets a lot I understand
that it damages the
mind a lot so I understand that he doesn't see himself up to
having a talk with
someone who generally when he says
things is always right about
things he has also told me things like
for example that I have been threatening him
for years which is a total
lie
not knowing whether to tell you I would not know whether to
define it threaten him threaten him for
years but there had been tweets of the stick
would break his face ardalas or something like that
had eh I do not have it in mind I do not have it
saved either I do not have a
folder on Ricky but I took it out in the
video that I made of the subject
laughing at the truth that yes but
threatening me he has not challenged me to it's that I do not
know to what extent I can say things that he
has told me in private you know but well he
has challenged me to very things  funny to the
level that you could have seen us at
an evening so you can get an idea of
the things that he has challenged me to and he wants to
give to Ricky eh Ricky
now Escalona also challenged him but I
think that then it is like that the difficult him
too let's
see but the thing is that I do not understand the point
here there must be another part that we are
missing here we are also missing the part
of Dallas because you are saying that
Dalas does not want to debate with him because
Dalas has as if he is letting it fall
as if the dala is afraid of him he does not have
Or he has something to hide or that he is not
interested in debating with him or whatever
but then he is telling us
that Dalas one day said to him let's go now
but that Ricky could not no then if he
accepts the debate no what you do not
agree with is no but you can see the dala I want to enlarge the camera you can see when giving it the animosity Ricky eh you can see the animosity towards Ricky cloth also Chela because here what I intuit that the dala has told him that he has already told him on
other occasions to  other people
like organizing an illegal fight
want to break his geppetto
The strange interesting thing is the issue of the
alleged death threats and the
insult to the couple, that would seem very
ugly to me, the truth I mean, it would be super out
of place but I would like to see it, we can't
play either without seeing
and nothing. To a certain extent I am
aware that he does this because he
has nowhere to continue swimming, I plans
like I've already gotten into all the
messes in Spain and they haven't done
almost everything to me, I've already touched all the
big sticks in Latin America and it doesn't monetize
[ __ ], the content that is made
in relation to the influencers there, I'm
going to try to throw someone who has to
have an exit, also the first one wrote to me
this year when the Borja
Escalona thing and I was like at a peak it
was a month that 25 million
visits like that he said this is now
booming I'm going to see if I can scratch something but I
think he has skipped and I say I think
because because I was not going to say this I was not going to say it
but it's that he doesn't respond and the last thing on
WhatsApp was me telling him I'm already in
little house we can talk whenever you want like I
told him Sunday at 7 if he
wants three or four weeks ago and he
never answered he
never did Of
course but he's got it all I want to
think it's because he got it all this
core of what's happened let's see
is that it wouldn't fit me I
think he's going to jump When
this and Ricky knows And that's why he did
the provocation this happens that he'll be
saying for now I'm going to answer
whenever I want we'll see if you
're telling me that when I came back he caught you
on a trip and he sent you some messages
saying come now and you couldn't Well
now that you're telling him he'll do it
he'll answer you whenever he wants and he's
got it what he's got it now
these days that it's a personal matter
man who will be affected The kid
too and he won't feel like it but I
think that if it goes I think it's going to
happen eh it's going to be a very sought after debate
eh And that's what I say he doesn't answer and such And seen
in the last videos he runs around
saying no that there are many
people who read I saw it I saw the
last video  that they have defrauded him I don't know it
's the last one but the video that says
Goodbye
many people have defrauded him they have
shown him the falsehood and all this and it
smells a little to me I'm
going to justify that to people because of
course a month or so ago no, as if he
uploaded a video saying it's over I'm going to
start debating with each and every one
of the scumbags that have thrown [ __ ] at me
over the years he said something like that I don't
remember exactly what it was but he said something like how about
Dallas there are many times
in his content career in which he has
said it's over but to generate what is over is another season of the horrendous ridiculousness that he likes about being minimally viral on Twitter it already costs him more in fact on Twitter he put some tubes this is not the story let's see if they come to your channel And you as moderator let's see in part part part part
part
for me it would be wonderful and delighted Of
course also the dala surely
Maybe one of the things that puts him
off Is that he doesn't want Ricky to
profit no and maybe Hey well he wouldn't
mind that  I would profit, I
could be an option, eh Let's see, but I do
n't know, it's that we're missing the Dallas part.
But anyway, I posted a tweet saying RT if
I don't know if he was sucking my [ __ ] or
[ __ ] me or if you want me to stick my
nose in your [ __ ], something like that. Hey,
Ricky, if you're the first one who posts that
kind of nonsense, it also makes me angry, let's
see, the dakringe twist is
worth it, but the thing is that I'm also
supporting him there and see, you also posted it and
as if saying that I don't know who will eat my
ass, I don't remember how it came out
there. I mean, what nonsense and I tweeted
his same tweet to make fun of it. I mean,
a screenshot of his tweet and I had more
impact, I mean, it had more
interaction So it's very sad and what?
And what is
this that a no-name like me who is
where he is because people like you made
good content in the time when we
had to wake up, is going around in circles on
social networks and I understand perfectly, I
really understand and respect
that he has decided to say, look, I'm going to
stop here
Ricky is a person against whom I
will not be able to prove that I have reasons at
all because there is nothing to
knock him down on and I threatened him well I'm
speaking for him I didn't threaten to kill him I
told him I don't know something about his girlfriend that
well basically he called Laura a hunter Partner
and why does he have to mess with his girlfriend
man what would that float if it's true I
think he's going to jump with this
eh I mean I don't think he's going to shut up with this
no
this is a provocation right in your face
yeah but let's see This is a
direct provocation this is a direct provocation
because people are going to say listen to me
Dallas Ricky is accusing you of a
crime Ricky is accusing you of
threatening to kill him
and he's telling you that you [ __ ] yourself a
debate
I understand
good attempt to provoke but he's coming across as
very needy It's that I think
one of the things that puts him
off seeing in the first place the issue of
always thinking about the debate between
these two is and what issue Do they have to
debate let's see
you can always pull a
debate out of your sleeve no Yes yes there is
content because you already put  to discuss
the strike you start discussing the
series a little bit about the point of the series And of
what you have talked about privately no
but
[Music]
from the first moment they had to
debate about cameras and drones
and about how much a rewind is worth
And I wanted to tell you that without further ado because there is
a clip that I am really
interested in knowing today
because I think it
is important to be aware of both
the
mistakes and the successes that are
made when making a decision
and I think
[Music]
this is a debate if you feel like I think this
is something that says I am not going to talk about the
subject and has the clip prepared today
you have to see the truth This is something
that you have to see well no what the [ __ ] I think it
is something that you have to listen to
and I am going to use it so that it tells how
Fairy use Why Because what
Daniel always clings to
is trying to denounce the content
in which truths are told that
hurt him to hear in order to
legally or professionally harm the creators that he does not like
or that have relationships with
people that he does not consider lawful Like that
that we're going to listen to him, stopping him so he
can't file a
fraudulent complaint like I've tried to do on
a few occasions with the last
series, good luck with this guy, a debate if he agrees with
you because you're incapable of not
even accepting a debate if you're not
even capable of accepting a debate this
comes out of your mouth It's that you know that what you
're saying is a lie, he's incapable of
defending it
automatically to accept a debate whether you're
right, of course not,
by accepting a debate you're showing
courage to talk to a person,
points that you don't have, it's not about
courage when you're not understood the
point when someone challenges you to a
debate, but of course someone with whom you
have a problem, okay, in this case,
I think that it's already becoming
a problem But when one thing is that
you accept a debate because you have a
connection with someone that is
already crossing the line of a
couple of
disagreements, okay, and another thing is that
anyone comes to challenge you to a debate, I
mean, imagine that the critic comes
to challenge you to a debate, he doesn't look to
advertise your channel and to look for fame,
you go to the barter or you work
really Okay but it's not
that many times maybe
a no name comes to you
Oh but I challenge you to a debate Oliveira I'm
going to put you and not to see what you're
looking for is fame
Ah but it's that if you don't admit me the
debate it's that you go to town man let's
see it depends on the case if you're going to get off
well you can call him whenever you want
but one thing is that I imagine that I
have a problem with
naughter and naughter challenges me to a debate
there if you have done it understand But now he
comes to me and challenges me But why Because it
depends on the number of Followers well
Probably yes it may depend on the
number of Followers or what
pisses me off for the best it's a
guy like the other day who had no
followers but they were basing themselves on his
clip to go against me with his
clip because I put a but to the
presumption of innocence okay I
tried that within the debate well he won't
mention his channel in the slightest okay
But there are times that the bird comes to you I don't
know who I don't know how much to look for fame
no Look son for that you go to the
barter  or we do with the others who have been
working for seven years to
get what we have, I'm not going to
give it to you, okay, but in a case like
Ricky's, since it's a gala that they are both
more or less, they are both famous and so on,
well,
the thing is Clara, let's see what Dalas says
about that client, the truth is, it's like giving them
with a turbo plan, with a turbo plan, that you
accept a debate does not give you the reason or it
takes it away from you, the fact that you accept the
debate is not that you are brave, as he is
doing, it requires, it's not about
courage, the fact that you accept the
debate is that you believe that you are
right, you believe that what you are saying is
true, another thing is that later in the
debate, well, say, [ __ ], right, I am
wrong, you know, [ __ ]. Well, he
caught me. But at least you are going because you
are convinced, but at the moment that
you are already rejecting a debate it is
because you already know that he cannot
sustain it.
When he is already rejecting a debate, or you
put a unicorn as a requirement, you already
know what there is, you
know that you are going to lose it, but no. Because
the other person performs better in
live shows and says no, no  the other can
act as you wish, you calmly
and quietly, you give your arguments and
tell your things, people will draw their own
conclusions, but when you don't
admit a debate, why not, because you're
lying, because you already know that you're
manipulating
really well, that's what that
click means. I totally agree with
that common gray area to reach an agreement
or for one to stand out with reason over the
other, but that's if you show up for a
debate, but at least you think you
have it. If he's not even able to
accept it in the first place, it's because you
know perfectly well that you're lying
to people, using super
false, manipulated arguments because he's a complete
mythomaniac. There ends the clip. Well, there it
is, this is what I wanted to say. I
decided to share it now because I'm
pretty sure he's not going to respond
since he has nothing to say, and
what I'm going to be very
excited about is that I'm going to use this clip
too because he's going to watch it 25
times before preparing his next
master move, which will be to release another
book
to ask his permission to share everything
we've talked about privately, both
his parts and mine.  All in
its entirety without cutting absolutely
anything
for content of course call it
tweets call it YouTube call it any
[ __ ] content chain that wants to
pay me for the bomb that I can sell him
if you give me permission to do it I say it
because I know that he is not going to do it since it
touches on topics that he does not want to be
known and that I know because I know
So it
is a private matter
if they are private matters children
if he accepts it he will flip out But let's
see if you are talking about private matters
that you do not want that he does not want to come
to light and that is not going to happen But
anyway this way I have a little bit of the clip It has to
be or rather if you are talking to me about
private matters about things of
private life or something like that that are not public
for the clips nothing to
tell you that most likely the pressure
that had been exerted these
last few weeks on social networks has been
what has also made him back down
or regret having said come on okay
Yes we are going to have the talk and that his
decision is over I am going to start to
debate I am going to start to put everyone in their
place
everyone  parasites and I don't know how I
want to try to suck from the bottle and a
month later the controversy ends I
'm not going to hang out with people I'm not interested I'm
not going to I don't know what well well I guess
there are things that you have to be more
careful when saying to Dani And well in this
case you're wrong Dani But why does
she send Daniel to a person who isn't
called Dani not even at home how angry that
nonsense makes me eh Daniel Santomé I do
n't know what Daniel Santamé
like that how ridiculous it looks let's see I don't feel like
finding Ricky In fact
when I run into him and the
interactions I have with him are usually
quite cordial and well on some
occasion we've had a few steaks
or something let's say we're not friends at all nothing
nothing closer than that but we
don't have any problem as far as
I know with each other and we have
nothing to find against each other but
really
to me as gossip channels as a
show I would love for
this debate to take place Why Well because I want to
see because I want the content You know I don't
care who of the two is right
I will give him I will
give each one their points but  if
Dalas called Jesus to turboplan Good
point Cristofer Well it also seems
silly to me you know but
[Music]
is that you will see when a person is already
so arrogant and goes so I don't know with some
air that I see in Rickyedi that he doesn't
take me out you can say this is the one that is going to
destroy Dallas in a debate I don't know
what I don't know how much you remember Raimito
no and many cases like that No look look he
never accepts a debate with this one I speak
chafer also it was another one is to take advantage it
was another one that Haha with me Dalas will never
never give me a debate Because he is
afraid of my intelligence And there was a moment
in which to give him a debate and [ __ ] put it
as a condition a unicorn and a green cow
understands me So me, me when I see
this type of things well it gives me the
impression that in the end it is one that
promises a lot, promises a lot, promises a
lot
and then in the end Dalas catches him in a
debate and they split him two
with other things
that I am not saying that was the case but that
sounds familiar to me Yes but that Hey, I
hope that
I take face in the debate, I eat
content  let's see, it's presented in
November,
as for me, I don't see how
November is presented, but I wouldn't bet on it
yet, you don't know what I'm telling you, I wouldn't
bet on anything, I do
n't think Dalas was going to break
Ricky and it's very possible the other way around either,
but I'm already telling you, I mean, simply
the bases of the subject, the subject, it's to refute that
Ricky knows things about Ricky's
personal life, age, the ones that you see, you know
what things they are and where they come from, knowing
that Ricky Edi is a colleague of wismichu, well, we'll
see,
that's something that they can't debate, I mean, it's
like if I know things about whoever's life, they
're things that are not relevant in a
YouTube debate, you understand, unless it has to do
with the subject, I don't know,
no, I don't understand. I would like him to do
the debate and see what there is already and
what they have, you know,
sincerely, so that I can
take a little of the pill
because I'm
sore that I can't see yet,
Fernando. Thank you very much, my friend,
I want to touch on a couple more topics and go
to Teles Arceo, but my
throat is hurting me, they say that it
gave you a  I'm [ __ ] again because if he
gave me a [ __ ] again it was already a [ __ ]
no more Back I'm like
little kids with everything more go take it from here me
like this no I don't know if the truth is I haven't seen it
but if it is like this then it is I mean now
yes when you want Now not like this Now no I don't
know if it will be But come on maybe you
're seeing it wrong
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul doesn't have time like this
yet I mean like
this I'm really sorry but it's over there
for me a forum doesn't
mean anything do you understand me I have
given follow to anyone who
knows you to see not to see okay
now I give it to you now I take it away now
look boy I
'm 40 years old he understands me I
'm 40 years old he understands me
Okay family I wanted to comment on a thread
that has gone viral okay these
last few days the truth is that I was
looking at it quickly I didn't go in to read much
but I saw that it is quite rude
okay
[Music]
Javi Don't bite the pill you suck it now
daughter but it's that I'm live and I have to
start already with the next
extract
But okay  listen to me, get to it, get to it. It
turns out that there is a thread that is being
discussed a lot. He is a streamer who is very
beastly, very wild, there is one thing
that curiously calls my attention, no,
that would seem good to me, valid, no because I think it is
too disrespectful to some
creators, no, but well, even if it
was a thread in which
you are giving your opinion about all the streamers
but you only do it with women, okay,
here there is a million clicks, for example,
reacting to the thread, it is that
almost all the streamers have reacted to it, okay,
Avi is the worst of all, her life consists
of being ejaculated by a famous streamer,
different,
more used than a sweaty sock, it
's not funny, it's ugly, [ __ ], I can't stand it, she's the
worst
what is this,
but who did this? Who did
this?
Avi is the worst, let's see how you see it's
too much, let's see it, we could call it
too sincere, but I see that it is too
much, I mean, I think it's too
insulting, don't
go, you know who will be behind
this account, well, I don't know if this account
will be new, suddenly
that it has appeared in the thread, [ __ ] it is
that  this is a new account
of the greeks and the sport insel
thread worst content creators this
thread is not planned I put things
on the fly
gonzabella all her attractiveness is reduced to
her tits to have them focused on
first camera I don't understand what kind of wanker
ape watches her content and gives her
money
where is leto but this one creates content
this wasn't the one from oslock who had something
with oslo
Yeah yeah Exactly but she creates content I mean I
thought she was just a chick
who had been with an oven who thinks What
content does she create she's ugly as [ __ ] but she knows how to put on
makeup she has the sense of humor she's
not funny and she's
slept with half of YouTube Twitch Spain I
have to admit that she's one of the most
beautiful on the list and knows how to manipulate
her wanker apes with those
giant pearls in her videos she pretends she
has and that's a stone but she does it on
purpose The Sims have made her a
millionaire I'm mongoloids
well let's see no no no she insults her I mean what she
's saying is that she pretends she pretends she does
n't have  a lot of
iq in the String but in reality she is
smarter than she appears and she
knows she has wisely taken advantage of her physique for
a business. See, it is not clear either, it
is not a lie.
Why do you give voice to something like that
Carmen dear because the voice that I
can give it is insignificant Compared
to all the people who are reacting
to this
Carmen I know that you are from the lordship and
maybe you know but on the contrary, let's see,
for example, this one from Avi And look, I do
n't like Abi but it seems to me
that things can be said in another way,
eh,
tremendous evasion of complaint. Well, I don't know,
I think there are things that are reportable in the
thread, eh, I was looking at it quickly the
other day, I think so, eh, but now
put yourself there behind the person who
is behind this, right,
new account because they banned the
previous one, well, very likely, seeing how
Avi is, she is the worst of all, her life consists
of being ejaculated by a different famous streamer,
more used than a
sweaty sock, it's not funny, she's ugly, damn it, I can't
stand her, she's the worst of all,
Chío is
only known for  be girlfriend of but she
's still not as much of a [ __ ] as the others
mother of God
but if she's a [ __ ] who tries to
biogenize her ex she's on the wall and she's not
going to get a new boyfriend because she's
getting wrinkled old and
undesirable
[ __ ]
This chick is the typical one who called you a
geek in the schoolyard and now she
follows trends to become famous and she's
hooked up with a famous
millionaire wimp This is really the
people who criticize begin for saying
that she's with auron that she's hooked up with
a millionaire I don't know what's useless that
part is useless not to defend Beijing
because he's my friend but because
begin is with auron without auron being
famous you
know what I mean I mean if I
were to say maybe a
person who suddenly notices a
person who would
n't be that they wouldn't notice that
person no way if they weren't famous
okay but the thing is that begin and auron were
together
without her being as pretty as she is
now and for her part without him
being famous I mean they loved each other before
and after okay
cristinini  worse at playing than a
toothache lives off you chatting if she were a
man not even God would watch it
Lali But why do they criticize this if
Ricky's girlfriend is there if this one doesn't create
content no
Sara begin is good there is no discussion
totally
the mess what's her name I don't know how the hell
Ricky leaves who has the intelligence of
a real potato But well it seems
that she is a depressive from Legend night
without grace and ugly to [ __ ] again I
am not from here or there I am only your
follower since your first interviews
with what we have learned here that
surprised me but she is right let's
see, I do not support this thread
obviously I
am reading it because it has gone viral
and all the streamers are even
[Music]
but the worst thing is that there are youtubers and people
who are sharing this in a good way
eh Not very much happened all Her content in
making jokes of a sexual nature although
she is a virtual character youtuber you can
see the Latina brand of ruining
something beautiful like being an avituber
twentysomething all the time with
showing her face
and because that is a Latina brand
gemita  she cheated on him 50 times
before leaving him and taking the fame If she had
sucked the dick of the most
viral streamer of our time she should be
ashamed she would
be nothing and no one without Greg oh
my god you
can say things differently oh
my god
Uff today I skip this part eh
Ingrid No because I don't want trouble you
thought I had forgotten about you
but without children creator No well the
truth is that you are not a [ __ ] [ __ ] you
have destroyed his career wismichu and they have
ruined him well his
career has been
ruined by himself well Ingrid try to
be ruined Almost almost Because after
breaking up with him it was that way
what happens is that obviously almost no one
paid attention to him eh but it was that way
putting it fine
but come on the [ __ ] ups that Cometa he I don't
know why but I hear you reading that thread
and it comes to mind I am a
loser it
is the same way of referring to the
person that I am a loser the
difference is that to I am a loser and to I
am a  loser they applaud her for some
reason when they should disown her just
like the person in this thread
on the net another girl known for
ruining her ex's career
if she is literally another
redhead he ruined her by being
boring and going out of style and being
cringe worthy
I don't know the bad thing is that yes we already know
that you are a lesbian that you have a
cynical personality that I don't know what that
we don't give a damn it hasn't been
relevant for five years well
look I am a loser talking about the king
of Rome
if some Moor of those out there shuffles him
I would support the idea of
giving Spanish nationalities to his
to his said criminals
my mother
my mother who will it be who will it be the
person behind this rich
mother my eh
windy has the intelligence of an amoeba
with a deficit her personality is her
tits and again I hate each and every one
of the wanking Apes that have made her a
millionaire Well windy I don't think she
's a millionaire for example someone
Gameplay 100 millionaire Ari Gameplay is
huge
Ari  Gameplay is huge but come on huge huge huge
Ari Gameplay had thousands of people in
their Prip like if they were the
lifas no but windy no windy is not a
millionaire earns a lot of money
surely she has been for months earning
more than 100,000 euros a month for sure Okay
but windy has not known how to manage
her career and her things well
I do not know where the problem is in being
famous for her physique exactly let's see
is that
if you have some attributes that you can take
advantage of
Paracetamol has no talent but she
is famous because her father is rich and
can support her for the streamer job
River
apart from looking like a brown sudaca is
a disgusting unbearable being follows
trends and a dripping bucket of semen
is [ __ ] disgusting I have no idea
who this is to me River River the one I
know A blonde girl without a bottle who
hangs out with Juan but it is not this one But
how disgusting I mean what a disgusting
criticism
one thing is that it is too sincere and
another thing is to insult you
fati Vázquez you make me [ __ ] disgusted
you are a collection of mental problems
and  venereal regular contributor to the
black must dad [ __ ] what does he have with
black people eh
my goodness
and then at the end of the thread
what a barbarity man
well I imagine that the account will last
here he says things that are so that the
account lasts half an hour eh I do not
understand how this thread is going
so viral and it is still standing
homophobic it is a while
homophobic I have not seen anything I have not seen
racist things no
and sexist no
Well more than sexist misogynists I have not
seen misogynistic things in the thread
Javi there was a photo of a naked woman in the
thread no but you can't see anything he didn't
see anything I mean she was
covering her tits you can
see underwear you can't see anything just in
case
okay I can cut it just in case But
come on you can't see anything but
racism yes eh
But my eyes and don't freeze you too eh
these 100 misogynist Not like other things
that they try to Cancel these same ones I
mean the fact that the thread is about
women we will see things
content creators but apart from that the whole argument
is that if  he [ __ ] I don't know how much that if we are
going to see one thing is when to see
the subject of the criticism that the first thing
is that almost all the criticisms to all to
a large part has been for the subject of
using their physique not as it has been said of
Gonzabella as they have said in a
few No of
course she uses the physique all the
models use their physique all the
television presenters if they are more
handsome they are better or more striking no or
more charismatic your physique your smile
the white teeth I do
n't know I mean I don't understand the problem with
using your physique Well of course No of course
model hostess
then also the subject of
getting into the ones that have been on
YouTube no well that is already called sucking
[ __ ] bucket of semen and that type of
pressure no let's see one thing is a girl
who smells like Kilometers who always
goes looking for partners that are famous with
the intention of becoming famous famous
she is not and that smells the intention and that
they notice people that they would not
notice under any circumstances if they
had not been famous okay one thing it
can be that okay but another thing is that
a person  has hooked up with a lot of
streamers a streamer who has
hooked up with a lot of streamers because
because they move in a streamer environment,
not
if you move in an environment Let's see
when you're in college
who do you hang out with? With
college classmates, no Why Because in the
environment that moves you Well, a streamer who
is famous doesn't trust people on the
street who can approach them and do
things He hangs out with other streamers with
friends of creators
he goes to trimmer parties I mean, in the
end you end up hanging out with people who
are available who move in the same
environment as you, I mean, these are things that I don't
know, I've seen, I've seen hatred against
women here, there have really been
criticisms that go way over the top,
like the thing about Temptation Island,
where only couples rotate between
them, we don't sow the thread, the
Twitter account is so that you would be suspended for a
second eh It's not the most or [ __ ] we have to
wait for the most to put
order Yes yes right now there is like a
legal loophole no
Well family
the last topic that I'm going to deal with here and
I'm going to go to teles to the ground to  a little while It's
about and I Juan And the thing is that I Juan
Well apart from the fact that he's really killing it, I
had this screenshot here
dude, I mean and I Juan right now is the
number 1 person
in subscribers on Twitch,
the number 1, the one with the most subscribers for
whoever is watching on YouTube
subscribers would be the paying members, okay, he
has 35,000,785
wow, I
mean but wow, I
mean but wow
Wow
35,785 or so I'm already with the peak of 5,765, let
's say I would be the happiest man on
YouTube let's
see what they do in that thread
intentionally to cause that
reaction they seek to try to be as
hurtful as possible to go viral I
know them x face crying with laughter
Ah well, well [ __ ] What ways no
what way Thank you very much Yoli for the
super tremendous chat that nothing to see I
say it with very healthy envy eh I mean I'm
glad he deserves it but
brutal to have this it must be
wonderful how much from here from here How much does
the creator earn Well we're talking
that the member is now worth two or
three euros not
two or three euros or so  like at
least
in members he earns 4000 bucks no
and to think that it started as the best of
Alex El capo totally so you can see how
life turns out
Yes so it's like 40,000 euros at
least just for the members now then
the ads
that the kid cures him and he's in Spain
eh And he's in Spain Well it turns out that they
offered him to join the Team but
the streamer rejected it and I Juan recounts
how the influencer gorgojo known for
belonging to the prisoners group and
member deretics offers him to join the
Team to which he belongs I don't know why they have
offered them Juan to
participate in eretics
as much
or rather herete is like a team
Greg's team not that belongs to Greg but it's
like a team of playing video games
professionally let's call it that not
vulgarly yes no we could call it that
no
but of course not
What game do they play Juan that he
could play with betis
come on okay Javi
said that you talked a lot for heretics let's
see a lot we don't talk
but we do talk but I have talked
yes yes it's the same as koi it's a  team
as a creator not as a professional Oh and
what and What difference is there and places I
've spoken to practically
everyone you know what happens with gorgos
like me I get along well with him For
many years they came here to Malaga
last year and they invited me to lunch
and obviously I'm not going to say no if they
invite me to lunch so I went with
them to lunch and we were talking and such
And they wanted me hereti and they offered me he's
not a professional gamer But they know
they can give him a lot of public by being
so famous I mean they would want to
hire him but as a visible face let's not
say not
as an image of the Club like to
narrate a game and things like that no Wow
I know part of the company and all and but it's not that I do
n't see myself in
anything absolutely nothing and it was hard for me to
say no because it embarrasses me a lot
but after two or three weeks I said
look dude no because it's not that it's not that no it's that I do
n't see myself no it has to
be something that you like you have to
know it's very big it's a very
big offer and on top of that it's being
made to you by people  with whom you get along well
and so on, you know, and you see yourself as
somewhat committed and such, but it's that
if you're not passionate about it, it doesn't appeal to you, that's what I'm
telling you, I mean, Juan likes
GTA, he doesn't like GTA and he liked a
type of games that aren't the games, they're not the
games that
these people play professionally, I don't
like it, I don't give a damn about GTA,
literally,
there you have the total answer, what games do
EA Sports play,
LoL and what else,
FIFA or something like that, for example, and it's
nice, but I don't watch them, I don't follow them, I don't
know anyone, I don't watch a
LoL game, I don't watch a Barcelona game, I don't
watch anything, what do I have to do there, if
Aretes plays against such and such, it's that I'm not even
going to watch it, you know, and it looks terrible for
you to be part of a club or that you have a
club in shares and such, and they don't
even see your games, because I wasn't going to
watch them, so to look bad, I prefer not to
get involved in general and continue with
my things, of course, and with his things, well, you
're already seeing how it goes. I mean, no  I
mean, well, it could be a, it could
be a projection, it could be an
opportunity that works for me,
but let's say you're playing against, I don't know
who it is, I'm not going to stop, my
live show is going to watch a LoL game, you
know, no. Of course, in the end it hurts you,
one thing aside from that, things when they're
done and you don't, they don't excite you and you don't
feel them, well, it's not the same and it shows, you
know. I mean, you have to do the
things that you like to do, okay, I mean,
things that you're passionate about, that you like, that
catches your attention. But if you
're doing things simply for
number, number, number, then it
happens, but not from the value or from Call
of Duty. You're welcome then, to be
doing things that don't convince me or that I do
n't like. Well, I prefer to do the
same thing on my own
and that's it, you know.
[Music] I
see it as logical, normal, I see it as logical and
normal and also, well, let's see, without meaning to
belittle, of course, without meaning to
belittle, of course, the value of
the invitation and how flattered he
feels, no Javi, but it's that he doesn't like it and that's it.
If he liked it, he would do it or I would  expensive
if he will like it Maybe he would have even
entered before because he would have
thrown chicks or would have tried to
move so that they invited him I don't
see what he has done well I really see that he has
done well I see that it is a
little bit prettier no the page I don't see
that it is a little bit prettier the page
of the other TV you know that well here
we have the well wait my kids my
kids How is my kids doing watch out there
are 21 one person connected in
the forum right now eh [ __ ] it's been a
while since I entered the forum I haven't
had time between that I was sick and all
that but well you know that my
chavalería.com you have a forum here where you
can register completely free you click
here you can comment on all the
topics there are Even if you are missing a
topic that interests you would like it to be there
to talk you put it okay And I
am seeing that well that it is good not
writing that it is powerful no that there are
many people here active connected
535 people registered
Okay well you know that in here is
the other TV which is the page of the
famous no  from the TV the news from the
TV
and the
other gossip It's
great that here you can find out about
the news from your streets and so on.
The other day, for example, this happened that I
forgot to mention. Willyrex and
Staxx are doing a collaboration playing
together after years without doing so they have
recovered their friendly relationship.
So I recommend that you all be
registered on my chavalería.com because
the truth is that the work that's being done there is very
good. The work that's being done there is very good.
Family. I'm going to leave this live show
here. I'm going to go to the gossip show.
In the middle of the shore, I think I'm going to
eat something because I'm hungry. We've spent
two and a half hours. Here I have to stop to
eat something. I'm going to prepare it and so on.
Okay, I
love you all very much and I'll see you in
a little while. To those of you who are going there,
okay,
and thank you all very much for the company.
By the way